{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red76\green76\blue76;\red255\green255\blue255;\red13\green94\blue141;
\red0\green0\blue0;\red242\green242\blue242;\red41\green101\blue168;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c36863\c36863\c36863;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c1569\c44706\c62353;
\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0\c87059;\cssrgb\c96078\c96078\c96078;\cssrgb\c20000\c47843\c71765;}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww35640\viewh19340\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\sa160\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
GLOSSARY\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 RECOVERY OBJECTIVES:\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 Recovery Time Objective (RTO):\'a0It is the time within which affected processes must be recovered at minimal level. For example, 48 hours.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs24 \cb3 Recovery Capacity Objective (RCO):\'a0It is the minimum capacity to be recovered within the RTO. For example, 10% of the team.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs24 \cb3 Recovery Point Objective (RPO):\'a0It determines the acceptable maximum data loss. For example, 2 days.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs24 \cb3 Example: Consider a Cognizant location has been impacted by an incident. Within the next 48 hours, 10% headcount of impacted processes has to be resumed and data currency will be two days earlier at the time of business recovery.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs24 \cb3 At Cognizant, the standard RTO is 48 hours, RCO is 10%, and RPO is 5 days. Any recovery objectives given by the customer will override the corporate value.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs24 \cb3 Single Point of failure (SPOF):\'a0Any aspect of BCM like people, process, infrastructure \'96 if fails, will stop the entire system from working. Based on criticality of project, stringency of RTO, contractual requirement single points of failure must be avoided. Example: Projects must be operational from multiple locations to avoid business impact in case of location unavailable.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs24 \cb3 Intra City:\'a0It is an alternate site in the same city of the primary site. This would be utilized for any minimum disasters that has building level impact.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs24 \cb3 Intercity:\'a0It is an alternate site in a different city of the primary site. This would be utilized for any major disaster that has city level impact.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs24 \cb3 Inter Country:\'a0It is an alternate site in a different country from the primary site. This would be utilized for any country level disasters.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs24 \cb3 ODC:\'a0A working environment with Client specific security controls.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs24 \cb3 Non - ODC:\'a0A working environment with Non Client Specific Security Controls.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs24 \cb3 Critical Associate:\'a0Associates who will be involved in recovery of the services in case of real time BC incidents.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs24 \cb3 Recovery Seat Mapping (RSM):\'a0Is the process of predetermining recovery seats for the projects based on the Core and Tactical recovery strategies.
\fs26 \cb1 \

\fs24 \cb3 Risk Assessment (RA):\'a0Process of risk identification, risk analysis and risk evaluation. All the BCM related risk should be captured along with the appropriate control measures and treatment in One BCM.
\fs26 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl314\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 \cb4 CONTINUE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl314\partightenfactor0
\cf3 SUBMIT
\fs28 \cf5 \cb6 \
\
\
\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\sa160\partightenfactor0

\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 CONTACT INFORMATION\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 BCP HELP DESK\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 GSD : Raise ticket under Corporate BCM category
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs26 \cb3 Vnet : 56666 Option 7
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs26 \cb3 India Toll Free : 1800 572 0473
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs26 \cb3 UK : 0800 678 1616
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs26 \cb3 US : 1 866 822 2024
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs26 \cb3 APAC : +632 7976 2270
\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "mailto:bcphelpdesk@cognizant.com"}}{\fldrslt \cf7 \cb3 Email : bcphelpdesk@cognizant.com}}\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl264\sa120\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \cb3 ECOM IVR\cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa80\partightenfactor0

\fs26 \cf2 \cb3 Automated voice update for India locations
\fs24 \cb1 \

\fs26 \cb3 India Toll Free : 1800 419 8990
\fs24 \cb1 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sl314\qc\partightenfactor0

\fs22 \cf3 \cb4 CONTINUE\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl314\partightenfactor0
\cf3 SUBMIT
\fs28 \cf5 \cb6 \
}